Hey everyone, welcome to this module.
And here we're just gonna
go over what VoIP is,
how it works, everything like that.
So, the first section we'll
actually talk about, what is VoIP?
And we'll define it for you.
>> Mm-hm.
And then VoIP is a very broad concept.
It has many different flavors and
many aspects to it.
So, we'll go over those.
And then lastly we'll go over
some common application of VoIP.
There are many different services and
softwares that use VoIP and
we'll go over what those are and
some fun facts regarding VoIP.
>> Yeah, we'll also give you some ideas
that you can implement VoIP in your own
projects and what not.
So, stick around,
we'll see you in the next video.